Moved and revised the new operator article (#12993)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/programming-guide/classes-and-structs/knowing-when-to-use-override-and-new-keywords.md

ms.assetid: 323db184-b136-46fc-8839-007886e7e8b0
---
# Knowing When to Use Override and New Keywords (C# Programming Guide)

> In C#, a method in a derived class can have the same name as a method in the base class. You can specify how the methods interact by using the [new](../../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/new-modifier.md) and [override](../../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/override.md) keywords. The `override` modifier *extends* the base class method, and the `new` modifier *hides* it. The difference is illustrated in the examples in this topic.  

Reviewer: nit (also unrelated to your PR):

```suggestion
In C#, a method in a derived class can have the same name as a method in the base class. You can specify how the methods interact by using the [new](../../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/new-modifier.md) and [override](../../../csharp/language-reference/keywords/override.md) keywords. The `override` modifier *extends* the base class `virtual` method, and the `new` modifier *hides* an accessible base class method. The difference is illustrated in the examples in this topic.  
```
